README.md, before:

# Zeus - High-Performance Workout Tracker

Zeus is a premium, high-performance Progressive Web App (PWA) designed for serious lifters. Focus on your progression, optimize your sessions, and master your gains with a streamlined, mobile-first interface.

![Zeus Banner](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1534438327276-14e5300c3a48?q=80&w=2070&auto=format&fit=crop)

## ✨ Features

- **Progressive Tracking**: Intelligently track sets, reps, and RIR (Reps In Reserve).
- **Premium Design**: Sleek, wellness-studio aesthetic with high-contrast typography.
- **Dynamic Session Flow**: Real-time rest timers and effortless exercise navigation.
- **PWA Ready**: Install Zeus on your phone for a native app experience—offline support included.
- **Stagnation Detection**: Visual cues when your progression slows down.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or higher)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Bun](https://bun.sh/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/BaptisteLac/Zeus.git
   cd Zeus
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 + Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS + Shadcn/UI
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **PWA**: Vite PWA Plugin
- **Validation**: Zod + React Hook Form

## 📱 Installation (PWA)

Zeus is a PWA. To install it on your device:

- **iOS**: Open in Safari, tap "Share", then "Add to Home Screen".
- **Android**: Open in Chrome, tap the three dots, then "Install app".

---

*Built with passion for the iron progress.*

Commit message:

feat: Introduce environment variable setup with `.env.example`, update `.gitignore`, and document configuration in `README.md`.

README.md, after:

# Zeus - High-Performance Workout Tracker

Zeus is a premium, high-performance Progressive Web App (PWA) designed for serious lifters. Focus on your progression, optimize your sessions, and master your gains with a streamlined, mobile-first interface.

![Zeus Banner](https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1534438327276-14e5300c3a48?q=80&w=2070&auto=format&fit=crop)

## ✨ Features

- **Progressive Tracking**: Intelligently track sets, reps, and RIR (Reps In Reserve).
- **Premium Design**: Sleek, wellness-studio aesthetic with high-contrast typography.
- **Dynamic Session Flow**: Real-time rest timers and effortless exercise navigation.
- **PWA Ready**: Install Zeus on your phone for a native app experience—offline support included.
- **Stagnation Detection**: Visual cues when your progression slows down.

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) (v18 or higher)
- [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [Bun](https://bun.sh/)

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/BaptisteLac/Zeus.git
   cd Zeus
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```
3. Setup environment variables:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   ```
   Add your Supabase URL and Anon Key (Publishable Key) to the `.env` file.

4. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 18 + Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS + Shadcn/UI
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **PWA**: Vite PWA Plugin
- **Validation**: Zod + React Hook Form

## 📱 Installation (PWA)

Zeus is a PWA. To install it on your device:

- **iOS**: Open in Safari, tap "Share", then "Add to Home Screen".
- **Android**: Open in Chrome, tap the three dots, then "Install app".

---

*Built with passion for the iron progress.*
